hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie goosebumps
2 2018.
a city is viewed at the start of the
film there were lying pumpkins
everywhere in the city
it was appearing as there are the
preparation for halloween celebration
there was also a tower in the same city
and the inventor of the tower did not
work on it completely
so it is in this city from the time all
city had been decorated with sculptures
lights and pumpkins because there was
going to be
halloween celebration soon there was
also an attractive girl named
sarah living there she was preparing to
take admission in a university
she is thinking how may she write a best
essay on the topic of
fear so she begins to feel fear
suddenly a horrible thing comes out of
her window
and it scares her but she discovers that
he is her friend
her friend steps in her room and offers
her snack
she begins to take his help in writing
her essay
meantime sarah's mother and brother come
there
cesaro's mother sends that boy outside
but sarah does not feel good next day
it is viewed that sarah's mother is
performing her duties
while her brother is making a model of
tower for his school project
he is struggling hard on it at last his
project gets prepared
but it creates an electrical circuit at
the same time
his mother says coming there stop it
which trouble have you created when will
you refrain yourself from the weird
experimentation
then that boy's friend also appears
there who is going to stay with them for
some days
because his family had been leaving the
city for a purpose for a few days
those three kids begin to go to school
and sarah's mother is
also with them they notice that their
neighbor has decorated his house for
halloween celebration and he is very
happy for this
they had decorated the balloon spider on
their house
which was a different idea when sarah
and her mother move to the shopping
center
sarah's mother tells her is you know
that halloween celebration
is being near so my job duty will be
doubled
and i will not be able to return at
house in the night time
so take care of your younger brother so
he may not indulge in
unnecessary experiments then it is
observed that sarah brothers friend is
sticking the posters everywhere
there is written statement contact us if
you want to clean out the junk
when sarah and her mother come to the
counter of shopping center
then it is revealed that sarah's mother
and shopping center's manager used to
like each other
then sarah is seen in the library
her same friend wearing a scary mask
visits there who had visited at her
house at that day
he says to her halloween is near so
accompany me to the club
but sarah says to him no my mother is
not at home
and i have to take care of my younger
brother and my younger brother's friend
is also at our house nowadays
he says to sarah don't make excuses
before
me halloween is not the daily event
i don't know anything you are just
coming scene moves to the house where
sarah's brother and his friend are
cutting pumpkin
at the same time that boy's friend
receives a call
that we have to get rid of our house
junk hearing it
that boy is excited and writes down
their address
he says to his friend just observe we
will clear out the junk
and we will earn a lot of money while
selling it
sarah's brother and his friend reached
the location of their written address
that house had been abandoned for many
years it was realizing that no one has
come here for many years
going inside they glimpse a hideous cat
they are scared catching its sight then
it has come to know that
that was cat's sculpture there is a
button at its bottom when they move it
aside
pressing that button a hidden room's
door is opened
there is a box when those kids look
inside it
they take that box out there is a script
book
its key was lying beside it means that
script book was locked
as sarah's brother begins to read that
script book
then a dummy appears in that script book
box
are you remembering something which
dummy is this
yes this is the same dummy shown in the
goosebumps part one who has said before
returning to the book
i will surely return back there was a
paper in the pocket of that
dummy which had its written name there
was also stated that
what is your name and that paper's
opposite side had some enchanted words
which are read by sarah's brother after
this
they bring the dummy and other things
outside
at the same time some boys begin to
threaten them coming there
one of the boys lifts that dummy that
dummy
takes off his pant through spell all
begin to laugh
seeing it then sarah's brother and his
friend bring that
dummy to their house and they start
their cycling speedily
because those teaser boys were after
them but that
dummy again falls them down and those
boys remain there
sarah's brother and his friend show that
dummy to his sister
coming to the house sarah advises them
stay at house carefully i come back
after a task
actually she was planning to go to that
club
where her friend had invited her she
moves to that club after getting ready
reaching there
she discovers that her friend is along
with another girl
because he was thinking that sarah is
not going to attend a celebration
sarah's heart is broken as she glimpses
it and she immediately
returns from there sarah's brother was
working on the same project at home
it again creates a problem which causes
electric circuit
noticing it sarah's brother is very
worried
he says my project was useless it was
not perfect
then that dummy utters no don't say as
such
your project is perfect they both scare
enough
seeing it but that dummy says to them
don't be afraid i am your buddy
then that dummy begins to write the
school assignment of both of them
and kids begin to like those who write
their school assignment
so they both feel excitement from that
dummy
that dummy says to them don't mention
about it to anyone
now the night falls and everyone goes
for sleeping
when sarah's brother is sleeping that
dummy
makes sarah brothers project operative
altering its functioning
then it hides in sarah's bag when sarah
goes to school in the morning she
encounters the
dummy while opening her bag she thinks
that her brother has put this
dummy into her bag she keeps that
dummy in her locker then her friend
approaches there and says to
sarah why did you not visit the club
yesterday
i felt you more but sarah overlooks him
because he knew the fact that he is
telling a lie
why he had missed her if he was with
another girl
she leaves from there after locking the
locker that
dummy was also hearing this conversation
from the locker
now it is seen that sarah's friend is
preparing for
halloween in the hall and he is
decorating it
he was working on it while climbing a
big ladder
then dummy also appears there
it falls sarah's friend down losing the
screw of the ladder
he receives a great injury he was
greatly wounded
he is immediately taken to the ambulance
securing his life
he is telling everyone that a dummy has
fallen me down
it could speak hearing sarah moves to
her locker to discover that
dummy going there she notices that there
is not that
dummy she is left shocked witnessing it
on the same day there was a presentation
of the science project of sarah's
brother
and he had also brought his science
project regarding that
tower he begins to show his project to
everyone
which was producing much potency all
were surprising to see it
how did he make it suddenly it releases
much current
which causes to bring destruction of
everything and every place catches fire
and the members of the fire brigade are
called there
sarah's brother and his friend come out
of that place
sarah picks them up and says on the way
why did you keep that weird
dummy in my bag sarah's brother says
why will we keep that dummy in your bag
it itself had moved to your bag because
it can speak
having the magic sarah is surprised
hearing it and says
you are telling me this now being upset
they hurriedly drive to their house they
notice
going to the house sarah's mother is
sitting with the same
dummy and she is looking excited
she says to the kids my kids i liked
much this
dummy from where have you brought it
at the same time they attend a call it
was by sarah brothers teacher
she tells all happening occurred at the
school cesaro's mother begins to scold
her son
which mistake have you committed he says
mother
the dummy which is being called good by
you
it has been committed by this dummy she
says
how can a dummy do as such why are you
covering up your mistake
it is your punishment that you will not
go to celebrate the halloween
tonight after this she goes to her job
kids are infuriated on the dummy then
that
dummy says to them which wrongdoing has
been done against you by me
i just wanted to live with all of you
like a family
but they say family does not harm anyone
and they did not want that dummy may
live with them
because strange things were occurring
sarah
strikes a rod to that dummy consequently
its eyes are closed
putting in the bag those kids throw it
in a pool
then that dummy again falls on their car
when they are returning
they scream in fear saying what is this
and that dummy begins to break their
front glass of the car
that dummy falls away when sarah breaks
the car
forcefully there was halloween at night
so everyone was busy in the celebration
that dummy again approaches there and it
moves to the same shopping center whose
manger used to like sarah's mother
it enlivens all the masks and costumes
there going there
through which they begin to stir it also
transforms that manager into a creature
then he moves to the city making them to
follow it
through which they were going to bring
the disaster sarah
her brother and her brother's friend are
researching on the dummy
at home then they come to know that it
has appeared from a book
it had also brought destruction when he
appeared before
sarah's brother says remembering
something that
we had also found a script book with
this dummy
it occurred after opening that script
book but that script book was snatched
from us by a boy
he was threatening us sarah gets worried
knowing it she investigates more and
gets the contact number of its author on
the internet
she contacts him and reveals this dummy
has returned
it is bringing destruction too much and
that author hurriedly comes to the city
after hearing this news
who had taken the role of hannah's
father in the previous movie part
meanwhile sarah and those kids meet the
teaser boy and ask about that script
book
that voice says that book is at my home
i bring it for you
at the same time those dummies
transformed costumes appear there
they grab the teaser boy and his
companion coming there
sarah understands that they don't want
that we may get that script book
because dummy will be returned in this
case
then sarah's brother thinks that we
ourselves may bring that book from the
teaser
boy and they moved to his house
on the other side dummy and the manager
of that store transformed into a
creature
they put energy in the tower of the city
together
through which it also begins to move it
produces much
current which enlivens everything of the
city as trees
pumpkins and costumes and they all
become the comrades of the
dummy which begin to bring destruction
throughout the city
on the other side sarah's brother and
his friend arrive on the scene
they had found that from the house of
that teaser boy
they are leaving while taking that book
suddenly some gummy bears attacked them
they had good appearance but they were
threatening by nature
meantime that book is opened while
falling from his hand
so all gummy bears begin to move inside
it
now they had known how dummy can be
returned into the script book
sarah's neighbors had made a balloon
spider on their house
it was proceeding to tower while taking
sarah's mother
sarah is stood at a place holding that
book
but a flying monster flies away
snatching that book from her hand
all are worried enough and sarah reveals
everything to her neighbor
heading there then sarah's neighbor
suggests them
wear the costumes like them so they may
not recognize you
then they wear the unique costumes
wearing them
they were looking like others then they
take a common book from there and make
it look like the script book
then they move to the tower contrarily
author of that script is also
approached in the city who witnessed
that whole city has been destroyed
then that writer also moves to that
tower then sarah's mother is also seen
who had been turned into the dummy like
that
slappy dummy and it was speaking like
it and that dummy is going to burn the
real book
sarah suggests her brother increase the
potency of this tower in some way
sarah immediately moves up the tower and
snatches that script book from
dummy she attempts hard to open that
script book but of no use
because that dummy had locked using its
magic
sarah says to dummy i will return this
script book to you
but you will have to turn my mother as
before in return
dummy agrees on this and sarah changes
the places of books craftily
it means she changes the real book with
her planned book
she throws it to that dummy when that
dummy
is looking at that book it is observing
that it is not seeming that book
then sarah immediately pushes it
consequently
it strikes at the center of the tower
which was creating the electric current
due to this dummy receives the electric
shocks
and its enchantment begins to reduce
that script book also opens because of
his reduced enchantment
sarah opens that script book and a
cyclone appears because of the strong
released energy
as a result all monsters attract towards
it
and they begin to move into the script
book one by one
sarah's mother had also been completely
recovered
they are feeling contentment while
coming out from there
they embrace one another at the same
time author is also approached there
being satisfied with those kids he
appreciates them
that you all alone send back all
monsters you are bold enough
sarah gives back that book to him she
asks will you tell me
how to become a best author he says to
sarah oh child just write what you like
by heart
because the words full of feelings have
good impact
saying it he drives away now sarah
returns to her house and the essay which
she is writing
she writes in the same way told by
author then she submits it in the
university where she wanted to take
admission
she knows after a few days that she had
been admitted in that university
knowing it she feels pleasure on the
other side
sarah's brother also wins an award on
his project
sarah's mother and that manager are also
united
it means that family had got their goals
completely and blissfully
in the end this script book author comes
on the scene
who is writing another book he keeps
that book on the bookshelf after
completion
that dummy speaks from the backside
why do you keep me alive at the end of
the script
you are at fault that author glimpses it
surprisingly
that dummy tells i am also writing a
book
and its leading character is you then he
opens its script book
and that author moves into that script
book this movie also completes on this
scene
thanks for your time hit the subscribe
button
and help me to reach 1k subscribers
also smash the bell icon